14-WAKU2-MESSAGE: Adds security consideration about the timestamp field (#447)
vacp2p/rfc: content/docs/rfcs/14/README.md

# Security Consideration

## Confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity 

> Data confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity is an application layer concern. 

Reviewer: It still seems a bit odd that we say this is an "application layer concern" when the spec starts with:

> This specification provides a way to encapsulate messages sent over Waku with specific information security goals.

It is up to the application what they want here, but this WakuMessage spec gives them options to get CIA properties

Author: I tried to clarify it in [a6b5a05](https://github.com/vacp2p/rfc/pull/447/commits/a6b5a0506a5cbe879b245ff2156640c4988aaa71), please let me know if this resolves the confusion.

Author: BTW, Feel free to revise it as you see fit :)

The application layer decides on how the `payload` of a `WakuMessage` shall be encrypted or signed to meet the privacy needs.

> [WAKU2-PAYLOAD](/content/docs/rfcs/26/README.md) presents the set of supported encryption and signature schemes in WAKU2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WAKU2-PAYLOAD](/specs/26) presents the set of supported encryption and signature schemes in WAKU2.
```

We want to use canonical (relative to rfc.vac.dev) URLs here

## Reliability of WakuMessage timestamp 
The `timestamp` field in `WakuMessage` is set by its sender. 

> Without a proper `timestamp` verification and validation, this field is prone to exploit and should not be relied upon for critical operations like message ordering.

Reviewer: How is verification different from validation?

Author: One of them is redundant, thanks for revising it!

> ## Reliability of WakuMessage timestamp 
> The `timestamp` field in `WakuMessage` is set by its sender. 
> Without a proper `timestamp` verification and validation, this field is prone to exploit and should not be relied upon for critical operations like message ordering.
> This is because an attacker can set the `timestamp` arbitrarily and e.g., bump it to a high value so that it always be the *latest* in a chat.
> Applications relying on the `WakuMessage`'s `timestamp` are recommended to utilize a proper timestamp validation method.
> For example, Status specs deal with message ordering against adversarial message timestamps as described in [6/PAYLOADS](https://specs.status.im/spec/6#clock-vs-timestamp-and-message-ordering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reliability of the WakuMessage timestamp

The `timestamp` field in `WakuMessage` is set by the sender.
Because `timestamp` isn't independently verified, this field is prone to exploit and misuse.
It should not solely be relied upon for operations such as message ordering.

For example, a malicious node can arbitrarily set the  `timestamp` of a `WakuMessage` to a high value so that it always shows up as the most recent message in a chat application.
Applications using the `WakuMessage`'s `timestamp` field are recommended to use additional methods for more robust message ordering.
An example of how to deal with message ordering against adversarial message timestamps can be found in the Status protocol, see [6/PAYLOADS](https://specs.status.im/spec/6#clock-vs-timestamp-and-message-ordering).
```
